Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdownall the messed-up movies! We have Hostel!
I did Hostel a while ago but deleted it probably300,000 subscribers ago! The title refers to a
hostel in Slovakia that is filled with the sexiest
of Slovakian women. When American grad students
Paxton and Josh along with their Icelandic
friend Oli here find out about this hostel,
they make their way right there! Turns out though
that this Hostel is just a trap to capture fresh
game for bloody torture and eventual murder!
How will it fair out for these idiots? Before
we get into it make sure you head down into the
poll and pick what breakdown you wanna see next
Monday! This is all based on your suggestions.
Also we have an official Instagram for the channel
now. Make sure you go down to the link in the
description and follow us right there! If you
wanna see what happens including all the messed-up
stuff stay tuned for the breakdown cue the Gohan!
Quentin Tarentino presents . Hostel! The movie
begins with someone cleaning up a murder dungeon!
Blood and teeth seep through the drains after
a dastardly day! Immediately after the events
of Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay,
two other American tourists named Paxton and Josh
are vacationing! I think they are grad students
who are both going through some relationship
issues prior to the vacation and they got this
Icelandic homeboy named Oli with them! So,
this might sound stupid, but the way people
talk about Amsterdam makes it sound like it s
a country of its own. Everybody wants to get
stoned and stroke it with stoned people.
Paxton and Josh are in the club trying to score,
but Amsterdam ladies don t like grandma walk
around the grocery store fanny packs. Josh
messes up a girl s shirt and gets the anger of
her boyfriend, before yeeting him into Hostel 2.
The three friends get kicked out to go about
their merry way. Things get crazy at a brothel.
The three return to their hostel, but curfew locks
them out! Since they are so loud and drunk, the
entire block throws bottles at them! Some skinny
dude brings them right inside. His name is Alex,
and he has got the hot tip on where to hook
up with women. Slovakia! Amsterdam is cool but
this Hostel in Slovakia is litty. Plus, they
love Americans! You can guess who are on the
first train to Slovakia the next morning. On the
ride there, a businessman sits next to the three.
They talk about how Slovakia is basically Babe
Country, but then the guy touches Josh s leg!
This scene seems perfectly acted
because of how Paxton and Oli react.
Anyway here is the rougher side of Slovakia. I
feel like we are gonna see Lilya 4 Ever walking
around here. This place is beautiful
though, a hub of all kinds of tourists.
Each room seems to have beautiful ladies inside.
This is Natalya and she is Svetlana. They almost
are like hostesses in a way, even though
they are supposedly guests too. Josh feels
a little uncomfortable around these ladies and
gets some fresh air. He almost gets jumped by
some gang of kids, but the businessman from the
train pays them off! Josh buys him a drink and
apologizes for reacting so angry during the train
ride. I m getting the notion that Josh might be a
little confused about his interest in women, but
he still has sex with one of the guests later.
The next morning, Josh and Pax learn that their
fried Oli has just checked out and left. Without
saying a word at all. Nobody just does that. And
get this, he left with some random Japanese girl.
She was friends with Kana here, they came together
so she s probably more worried than Pax and Josh.
Well they try to figure out where he went.
Paxton tells a story about when he was a kid, he
witnessed a girl drown to death. He tried to help
by going to the lifeguard, but she wasn t paying
attention. By the time he went back to the little
girl, she had died. Why does this story matter?
Well 2018 Spooky let it slip right by. We will
get to why that story is important but of course
he blames himself for that little girl s death.
After getting past that gang of kids, they see
Oli! Seems more like he s escaping them! They
chase him, but that ain t no damn Oli! Speaking
of, they get a text from him saying he went home!
He went home and left his whole body behind. Of
course, someone has brutally killed Oli, and the
Japanese girl in the picture is next. He crushes
her toe right off! Kana is worried sick and the
three tourists all decide to leave together,
but Svetlana and Natalya are hoping for one
last party! It s not like they really knew Oli
like that, so they just hope to party one
more night before heading to Barcelona!
At the disco, both Josh and Pax get drinks right
down into their system. Josh downed it quick,
and when you down something quick it hits you
quicker Just like the buzz I got from two glasses
of wine...Josh has been drugged and falls right
asleep in his room, before getting kidnapped.
Paxton didn t just down his drink and he feels the
effects slowly. He walks away to the bathroom, but
accidently gets locked in a pantry on accident.
This accident saved his life, and he falls asleep
unable to be kidnapped. While Pax is sleeping,
Josh wakes up in a torture dungeon. His fear
intensifies seeing that he probably will not make
it out to finish his thesis. Josh reacts as scared
as anybody, before getting drilled repeatedly.
Meat still on the drill. The torturer is revealed
to be the businessman from the train all along!
Practically a supervillain, a failed surgeon who
realizes the power he has in his hands.
The businessman slashes Josh s tendons,
letting him attempt escape and make us cringe
seeing him fold over As he crawls away,
He slashes his throat and kills him! This is
basically the Suck it witch moment of the film,
if you remember that moment from I Spit
on Your Grave. Josh didn t deserve that
at all. Paxton wakes up finally able to exit
and safe. He finds out that Kana checked out,
but without him and Josh. Pax gets another
room since they say he already checked out,
and lookie here! It s two new sexy girls inviting
him to the sauna just like when they got here the
first time. With nothing else to do, he tries
to find Josh. He pieces together where Josh
or Oli could be with that picture, but his
phone gets grabbed by those meddling kids!
Pax almost choked one out. He s angry as
hell at this situation, and he stops because
nobody wants to hurt a kid And maybe he doesn
t want to cause another suffocation in his
life even if the first wasn t his fault. Just
shows how scary it is to be away from home.
Even the police can t help. They just tell him to
stay at the hostel. While walking around he sees
that girl Natalya and follows her into a bar!
Now he tells her fine ass that he wants to know
where Josh and Oli is right now! She says they re
at an art show. Natalya takes him to the place, a
scary warehouse looking building protected by
henchmen! Paxton asks the first person he sees:
Takashi Miike, what exactly it s like in there!
Takashi tells him you ll go broke being in there,
so I guess when he s not making movies about
strange Yakuza visitors or an extreme episode
for a horror anthology series, he gets
inspiration from whatever is in there!
Natalya leads him further into the warehouse and
laughs at the serious American going right into
his unknown fate. He walks by his friend Josh
being dissected by the businessman! Shocked, he
gets angry at Natalya who laughs in the language
of money while Pax is dragged away by goons!
He sees brutal and bloody torture at every turn,
before being tied up for his eventual death! Soon
Dr. Chainsaw comes in! He specifically
purchased Paxton because he s American.
He looks like a whole Lizard Man, leftovers
from one of the Lizard s sick experiments!
Pax gets clawed by this sewer creature, and even
speaks in his native tongue to plead him to stop!
Pax is a pretty smart guy! He has Pax gagged for
trying to reach his heart! Lucky for Paxton, the
torturer is indecisive! Soon he figures a chainsaw
will work fine and Paxton throws up in fear!
Please stop Paxton. I cant do vomiting, it s the
only thing that remotely disturbing me so far.
Pax gets his fingers slashed right off,
but then the torturer slips on that gag
and gets his leg cut off from the chainsaw!
Pax hurries to get out of his confines
and shoots the villain right in the head.
Now I eff with Paxton heavy. Paxton calls for
the security guard in another voice! The guards
like boss what happened?!? Paxton: Oh I ll tell
you what happened blam blam! Good work Pax! He
dresses up in torture garb but hides as goons fill
the halls! In this backroom, he sees plenty of
guts and hides without question among the bodies!
Good survival strats Pax! He s shocked to see
his friend is next to be cut up, and sadly he
loses his two fingers! He carried them all the
way from his torture room. Soon he gets up and
murders the furnace guy before escaping on an
elevator! Close call after close call! He sneaks
into a client room where the torturers dress up!
Cops! These cops work for the Elite Hunting Club,
so beware Paxton! They re not on your side!
Pax cleans up and looks the part of a client,
but the guards know they have an escaped prisoner!
In the pockets of the jacket he got, he sees a
business card for the Elite Hunting Club! An
organization that allows rich people to kill
and torture tourists! Then, this goofy ass client
pops up. It s his first time but he s so excited.
He wants something beyond the mundane hedonistic
adventures. Just from pure universal coincidence,
Paxton gets away from showing a tattoo that all
clients are supposed to have and the goofy guy
leaves to torture his tourist. The idiot left the
gun behind though and Pax grabs it as he Splinter
Cell Pandora Tomorrow s out of the building.
No actually he Hitman 2: Silent Assassins out,
and luckily finds a car with keys in it! He
hears screams though! Horrific screams. Last
time he heard screams like that, a little girl was
drowning, but this time he isn t letting someone
die again, even though I wouldn t be mad if he
left. This is where that story really matters!
He chases back inside the building finding
out Kana is being tortured by that goof
ball..Pax kills him with haste. He
was using a blowtorch on Kana s eye,
and Pax is left to clean up by using
scissors to cut off the dangling eyeball!
I don t know what the hell that stuff is!
So this dude Paxton sneaks out of the warehouse
again with an injured Kana and didn t get caught
until he started driving one of the cars! Still,
the two rush through the streets. The only way
to safety is to leave this town by train. After
a truck is moved, Pax sees his temptress Natalya,
along with Alex the guy who told him to come here
after all! Pax runs them all over killing all but
Natalya! Who is then immediately destroyed by the
incoming goons! Soon the kids stop Pax asking
for candy, but luckily he just so happens to
have an entire bag of gum in the car.
When the goons get stopped by the same kids,
they get attacked instead! Literally the
kids brutally murder the goons with rocks.
To live all them years to go out like that is just
plain irony! Soon Pax comes upon a police stop,
but remember The police are more angry back alley
than friendly neighborhood. He sneaks out of the
side and runs through the woods all the way to
the train station. Still, they gotta hide from
goons. While walking by a mirror, Kana sees
her disfigured face! She loses all hope seeing
her face that way, and kills herself by jumping
right into a train, spraying blood everywhere.
I remember I asked what would y all do when I
first made a video about this movie! Well now I
ll tell you straight up, don t do what Kana did.
Paxton uses the diversion to get on the train
and ride away to safety! Clap it up for Paxton.
Yes, his escape from a heavily guarded torture
compound was very lucky, he still managed. But he
s got a vengeance! The train stops in Austria, but
on the train ride Paxton hears a familiar voice,
the businessman! The same man who murdered Josh!
The businessman s daughter is waiting outside this
stop! Just look at the Malice on Paxton s face!
SpookyRice feeds on that kind of malice! He look
like he walking around with this music playing!
I m more scared of Paxton than I was of the Elite
Hunting Club. Paxton follows the businessman
closely behind, both him and his daughter go into
the loo rooms. Pax leaves his scalpel behind for
the businessman to find. As soon as he comes out,
he waits on his daughter but she doesn t come out.
He discovers that his daughter is completely
missing! He chases and shouts for her but we
see Paxton has kidnapped her. The movie ends as
Paxton kidnaps his daughter and the businessman
screams in horror and fear! The end. But that
s not canon. No terrible decision Paxton. You
had me until then. See guys this is the directors
cut ending! In this ending, somehow Paxton kidnaps
a little girl in a crowded train station
and takes her away on the train. That s not
logical. Even if she was scared out of her mind,
Paxton doesn t have that in him to do this,
and somebody is going to notice she s not with
him and is fighting to get out of his grasp.
The canon true ending is that Paxton murders the
businessman. Paxton tricks him into reaching for
the ground and slices his fingers off. Then Paxton
breaks into the stall with 2007 Michael Myers
strength, and drowns him in his own poop water.
Then, here is the Suck it, witch moment! Paxton
murders the businessman by slicing his neck
in an identical way that the same businessman
murders Josh. So you cannot tell me, that Paxton
was guided by the universe to commit this act!
Paxton was not meant to die today and I for the
most part really enjoyed this movie. One of my
favorites honestly. So, now that we ve visited the
hostel lets talk about the most disturbed moment
and most enjoyed moment in that
SPOOKY Stuff Cue the Gohan!
Hostel was a nice watch. Very tolerable to see,
much more than some of these low budget Japanese
movies. Eli Roth not only directed Hostel and
it s sequel, but also The Green Inferno. This
was probably one of my first horror movies since
I remember that eye seen clear as day! It scarred
me when I was a kid. Most disturbed moment
is the eye thing for me. When I was young,
that scene effed me up! It probably lowkey started
this channel because I wanted to get effedup more
Most Enjoyed moment is Paxton.
Paxton is a platinum character now.
Yes, he was very lucky, but this
dude Paxton took care of business.
He was very bold and wasn t hesitant to do
what he needed to do. When he was in Austria,
his power level was off the charts. It s
a shame what happens to him in Hostel 2.
And that s it. I just created an Instagram
so make sure you guys follow the official
Instagram here. Link is in the description.
Make sure you guys like the video if you
enjoyed and subscribe if you wanna see some more
messed-up stuff! On the left is A Serbian Film,
sorta reminds me of Hostel in a way with the rich
people organization that does messed-up things.
On the right is the Green Inferno! Also directed
by Eli Roth! A tribute to films like Cannibal
Ferox and Cannibal Holocaust! Thank you guys
for watching, hope you enjoyed, SPOOKY OUT!!